Update link and cross references documentation (#225)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/writing-guide/references/index.md

# Links and cross references

> Links are a mechanism to reuse content.
> Instead of writing the same information twice, one can link to a definitive source of truth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links are a mechanism for reusing content.
Instead of writing the same information twice, you can link to a definitive source of truth.
```

- https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest: fully specified HTTPS URL.
- /docs/grafana/latest: partial URL with absolute URL path.
- ./grafana/latest: relative URL path.

To choose the correct link destination type, follow these steps:

1. If the destination is external to the https://grafana.com website, use the fully specified HTTPS URL.
1. If the source is reused as described in [Reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts]({{< relref "../reuse-directories" >}}):
   1. If the destination is also present in the destination mount, use a relative URL path.
      This keeps reader within the destination project.
   1. Otherwise use a partial URL with an absolute URL path.
      This always brings the reader back to the destination page in the source project.
1. Otherwise, use a relative URL path.

## Build time link checking with Hugo

Hugo has built-in shortcodes for creating links to documents.
The `ref` and `relref` shortcodes display the absolute and relative permalinks to a document, respectively.
They both provide build time link checking to ensure that the destination exists.

> {{% admonition type="warn" %}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="warning" %}}
```

        └── index.md
```

Hugo produces the following website pages:

```
/docs/writers-toolkit/branch/
/docs/writers-toolkit/branch/other/
/docs/writers-toolkit/leaf/
```

To link to the source files directly, refer to the following table:

| Source page                      | Destination page                 | relref                                     |
| -------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `{{</* relref "other.md" */>}}`            |
| `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `{{</* relref "../leaf/index.md" */>}}`    |
| `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `{{</* relref "../branch/_index.md" */>}}` |
| `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `{{</* relref "../branch/other.md" */>}}`  |
| `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `{{</* relref "./_index.md" */>}}`         |
| `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `{{</* relref "../leaf/index.md" */>}}`    |

> To avoid having to worry about whether the destination is a leaf bundle, a branch bundle, or a regular file, you can omit the `/_index.md`, `/index.md` or `.md` extensions to have and the relref resolves the same.

Reviewer 2: Serial commas. 
```suggestion
To avoid having to worry about whether the destination is a leaf bundle, a branch bundle, or a regular file, you can omit the `/_index.md`, `/index.md`, or `.md` extensions to have and the relref resolves the same.
```

Author: Good catch. This should say:

```suggestion
To avoid having to worry about whether the destination is a leaf bundle, a branch bundle, or a regular file, you can omit the `/_index.md`, `/index.md`, or `.md` extension.
In each case, the relref resolves to the same page.
```

        └── index.md
```

Hugo produces the following website pages:

```
/docs/writers-toolkit/branch/
/docs/writers-toolkit/branch/other/
/docs/writers-toolkit/leaf/
```

To link to the source files directly, refer to the following table:

| Source page                      | Destination page                 | relref                                     |
| -------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `{{</* relref "other.md" */>}}`            |
| `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `{{</* relref "../leaf/index.md" */>}}`    |
| `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `{{</* relref "../branch/_index.md" */>}}` |
| `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `{{</* relref "../branch/other.md" */>}}`  |
| `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `/docs/sources/branch/_index.md` | `{{</* relref "./_index.md" */>}}`         |
| `/docs/sources/branch/other.md`  | `/docs/sources/leaf/index.md`    | `{{</* relref "../leaf/index.md" */>}}`    |

> To avoid having to worry about whether the destination is a leaf bundle, a branch bundle, or a regular file, you can omit the `/_index.md`, `/index.md`, or `.md` extension.

Author: Not really but it is occasionally required as explained in https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/pull/225/files#diff-8c17c51c67791788f2fdddd0b0078e0ff399d62fe4597bf43cc49110a0dfb8b7R117-R119.

I think we could omit the first table and let the warning explain when you might need the extension instead.

> To avoid having to worry about whether the destination is a leaf bundle, a branch bundle, or a regular file, you can omit the `/_index.md`, `/index.md`, or `.md` extension.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/pull/225/commits/e946bc4d7279b8dffd698aeca21f94ec9f406b5f
